ok so here we have the gamepad
configured to play on the button so you
see this this game is supposedly
normally you would play here touching
the screen right but that's kind of like
confusing why would you put your fingers
in front of the screen oh so I do the
work so what you do is you you
map the different buttons according to
your choice and it remembers and there
might be a database on the internet with
all the mappings so the mapping it
happens like this you just click here
you say this button here should be right
right ok this part of the screen should
be left this one should be I'm going to
take why this one should be be and that
one hope that one should be a ok and I'm
going to recharge I'm going to recharge
with this one ok and that pause I don't
know we don't care about right now so
basically i recharged you see a charge
out here and I can jump around
I'm not sure exactly how they get little
further here anybody how can I jump up
there oh I'm there so basically they
might be some games that might allow you
to hide all that stuff so you basically
get just the game experience and you get
to hide all this but right now the games
are designed for this to be there
because they're not expecting people to
pay play without a touch screen so
system is the mapping that is is mapping
I'm going to switch to another game and
that's one of the cool things about
Android is that all the games are all
the time in standby and just another
game that's here can enter
start I don't know I can where do I
start it yeah okay I'll try another one
and I'll bet it's probably a way to
start started okay there started it
retry oops I this YouTube okay gun bros
oh ok I don't know how it works ok but
so I'm gonna try some emulators in just
a second how are you start doing the
never played it before so I don't have
to get out of here I get in an open the
door they jump
you see it's a it's mapping the game and
it remembers what the mappings are based
on cloud based on my preferences that's
a 3d performance because this is an r up
chip dual-core with a quad-core mali-400
so it has a good GPU same GPU is a
galaxy s3 how to get further here let me
try that again it's a nintendo 64
emulator on the hand android and it's
quite smooth but of course with dennis
64 emulation on android is still a work
in progress and i'm sure there's some
optimization that should be done on the
on this rockchip rk3066 position which
should still kind of like a new new
platform here you have some games let's
see it's an awesome aesthetic experience
to play these games and I think this
stuff gave this is 15 years old gaming
right it's much better than angry birds
it's much better than all that stuff
that's today on the unwritten under
under smartphones this is quality gaming
from nitendo hopefully Nintendo is going
to officially support Android this
should just like officially add all
these games to the Google marketplace
and make a billion dollars that's what I
think they should do but you never know
what the term is going to decide you can
do is you know they have strategy
this awesomeness was it clear for you to
see and then a second i'm going to try
another attend come on open yeah get in
here open through bottom thumb yeah
checkpoint I got it sir save a nice they
should action-packed okay I'm very good
at flying I have my flight wires license
I can actually yeah
shuto DS yeah I'm gonna help my friend
over there okay no need to only play
this one so i'll try another one and so
to do that I exit here and I go into the
emulator work I got choose another game
I'm gonna choose Super Mario so let's
make a break it just takes a time in the
start too because I don't have a same
save the status so i need to start from
the beginning of the game so it's so
let's make a break so here we have the
that's like kind of like the awesomeness
of the game swim around get some find
some coins
find some coins Italian guy needs to
find some coins all those coins coin is
the life you know you can buy a life
this game but that's the awesomeness of
that emanator and of course I did some
tests with a few other emulators I can
run a whole bunch of games i'm going to
try a photograph yeah so this is the
hdmi yeah hdmi of course of TF
so I was in here one of the most awesome
games of course you can emulate the
nests but the important thing is that
you know you're not encumbered by having
to touch the screen I don't need to tilt
it around you know gaming with the tilt
is not it's not good but gaming with
buttons is high should do gaming this
game is so awesome you can play
multiplayer over the Internet no you
can't but that would be good right if
you could am I gonna third too bad okay
so just find thousands of games emulate
them going internet download all the
android games map them but the future of
android gaming is going to be huge huge
of android gaming is going to be what
nintendo should have been doing but
nintendo is going to join android sega
is going to join android sony is already
on Android and the next one is Microsoft
is going to join Android all the games
right here with hdmi output so this is a
home console $150 that's what you're
getting